br: remove cloud admin filter from br restoration and set --with-sys-table as default value (#15897)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-overview.md

Before performing backup and restore, BR compares the TiDB cluster version with its own and checks their compatibility. If the versions are incompatible, BR reports an error and exits. To forcibly skip the version check, you can set `--check-requirements=false`. Note that skipping the version check might introduce incompatibility in data.

> Starting from v7.0.0, TiDB gradually supports performing backup and restore operations through SQL statements. Therefore, it is strongly recommended to use the BR tool of the same major version as the TiDB cluster when backing up and restoring cluster data, and avoid performing data backup and restore operations across major versions. This helps ensure smooth execution of restore operations and data consistency. Starting from v7.6.0, BR restores data in some `mysql` system tables by default, that is, the `--with-sys-table` option is set to `true` by default. When restoring data across major versions, if you encounter an error similar to `[BR:Restore:ErrRestoreIncompatibleSys]incompatible system table` due to the different schema of the system tables, you can set `--with-sys-table=false` to skip restoring the system tables and avoid this error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v7.0.0, TiDB gradually supports performing backup and restore operations through SQL statements. Therefore, it is strongly recommended to use the BR tool of the same major version as the TiDB cluster when backing up and restoring cluster data, and avoid performing data backup and restore operations across major versions. This helps ensure smooth execution of restore operations and data consistency. Starting from v7.6.0, BR restores data in some `mysql` system tables by default, that is, the `--with-sys-table` option is set to `true` by default. When restoring data to a TiDB cluster with a different version, if you encounter an error similar to `[BR:Restore:ErrRestoreIncompatibleSys]incompatible system table` due to different schemas of system tables, you can set `--with-sys-table=false` to skip restoring the system tables and avoid this error.
```

Reviewer: 也有可能是 across minor versions
